Meeting at 21.1.2018

Planned agenda:

1. Short introduction: Who is here? What do we expect?

2. Organisation:

    How do we want to communicate (better alternative for Skype?)?
    How often do we want to meet?
    How do we share our findings/agreements when the are preliminary? Also reports?
    Should we connect to other groups? RuleML?

3.Getting started:
  
     General question: where do we start? 
          Proposal: start with the W3C team submission (https://www.w3.org/TeamSubmission/n3/) 
          and discuss cases we either do not understand or want to change.

4. Goals: What do we want to achieve and by when?

      Example collection: collect N3 examples (reasoning files and expected solution) on our git and come to agreements
      Isue collection: Write down (as already started) all open issues we see, decide which issues we want to solve, come to an agreement.
      Formalisation: Formally write down the semantics of N3.

      
    

    
