Minutes (preleminary)

Attending: Hans Cools, Jos De Roo, William Van Woensel, Gregg Kellogg, Jindrich Kolman, DÃ¶rthe Arndt

Topics discussed:

How do we proceed?
  Set up test cases on our git which conatain input file, query, expected output.
        Poblem: The output is not unique, when does an engine succeed?
  Raise and discuss issues on the git
  -> meet again in one month (around 21st of February)
  
 Do we reach out to other communities?
  We (William) talk to the RuleML people and ask whether they are interested 
  
How do we organise the next meeting?
  Meeting-minutes will be written using IRC (irc.w3.org, channel: #n3-dev)
  The agenda will be communicated on time (at least 1 day in advance)
  
Can we have a physical meeting?
  It was proposed to meet at the W3C Workshop on Web Standardization for Graph Data (https://github.com/w3c/N3/new/master/Meetings),
  but most of the people in the call will not be present there. But: if there is interest, a meeting can still be organised. 

What is our goal?
  To have a better view on this topic, we wait for the test cases and issues and fix the goal in our next meeting.
  Discussed so far (but answers open):
    - a semantic web rule language on top of RDF that extends RDF and supports negation
    - staying close to the existing W3C team submission for N3 (ie keep the syntax and discuss cases which we want to change)
    - having a functional rule language (may be N3, but can also end up as something else)


